
Alex Windhorst
TWIST Final

	The purpose of the TWIST website, created by Shea Clark, Wesley Elliot, Eric Webb, Jon Martin and I, is to allow students from various high schools across the state of Kansas to sign up for speaking sessions that cover a variety of career possibilities. The website is also designed to allow a scheduler (or admin) to edit the various information for the TWIST event after the students or their sponsors have signed up for their top six sessions. The information the scheduler is able to edit or remove includes: Attendees, speaking sessions, rooms to be used for said speaking sessions, and the time blocks the sessions will be held in.

	Our TWIST website allows for the ability for an attendee to sign up for their six desired speaking sessions once they have provided all necessary information such as their name, school, desired sessions, etc. Our website also allows an admin the ability to login to the dashboard and edit/remove the various information pertaining to the TWIST event such as the attendee’s information, the speaker’s information, and the time and room each speaking session will be held.
  
	The design of the website is fairly simplistic. The home page provides a description of TWIST and then gets directly to the point of the website by providing a large, teal register button encouraging the user to sign up since that is the main purpose of the website. The dashboard, where the admin is able to edit/remove information, is also designed to be simple and straight to the point. The tabs for speakers, rooms, attendees, and blocks are all at the top of the screen which makes them very obvious. When the admin hovers over any of the four tabs, a drop-down gives the option of adding speakers, rooms, attendees, and blocks or editing them.
  
	One of the main challenges of this project was getting organized and providing each person with specific tasks to complete. The reason this was an issue was due to our lack of haste in getting the organization setup. Before we created our Trello dashboard and our group chat, our roles for the projects were quite hazy. It was difficult to know who was working on what, which could have lead to overlapping on the workflow. Another challenge this project created was figuring out the best approach when tackling this task, due to the many ways to go about setting up a registration website that has the ability to edit/remove various information.
  
	Throughout working on this project, I have learned the importance of communication and organization. Once our group began using tools such as Trello and GroupMe, we were better able to dish out tasks to each member without overlap. I also became more accustomed to using GitHub. Before this project, I had very little knowledge of how to properly use GitHub or about its various features. I also gained more knowledge about express and Node Project Manager. The video tutorials we covered taught me a lot about express. but having to work on a project without a set-in-stone guide was much more of a challenge. Having reliable teammates to help whenever someone was struggling, however, was very much appreciated.
